c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\bin\Debug\GYMMAX.exe.config
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\bin\Debug\GYMMAX.exe
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\bin\Debug\GYMMAX.pdb
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form1.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.exe
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.pdb
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form2.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form3.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form4.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form5.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form11.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form12.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form6.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form7.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form8.resources
c:\users\yordi\onedrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form9.resources
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form13.resources
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form14.resources
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\documentos\visual studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.Form10.resources
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\yordi\OneDrive\Documentos\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\GYMMAX\GYMMAX\obj\Debug\GYMMAX.csproj.CopyComplete
